THE GOOD
Apple's iPhone 4S has a faster processor and an upgraded camera, all the benefits of iOS 5, and a useful and immensely fun voice assistant. Call quality on the Sprint model is admirable, and the data speeds, while certainly not 4G, get the job done.
THE BAD
It's about time we get a larger screen.
THE BOTTOM LINE
The iPhone 4S isn't the king of cell phones, but it's part of the royal family nonetheless. Even without 4G and a giant screen, this phone's smart(ass) voice assistant, Siri, the benefits of iOS 5, and its spectacular camera make it a top choice for anyone ready to upgrade.

PROS 
Apple's iPhone 4S has a faster processor (A5 chip) and an upgraded camera, all the benefits of iOS 5, and SIRI, a useful and immensely fun voice assistant. Call quality on some providers is admirable, and the data speeds, while certainly not 4G, get the job done. 

CONS 
Poor battery life. It's about time we get a larger screen. Not completely fixed antenna reception problems in spite of dual antenna. 

With a dual-core processor, upgraded 8 megapixel camera with Full HD video recording, the latest iOS 5, iCloud and the voice-activated Siri intelligent assistant, there's plenty of reasons to regard the new phone. Expensive and technically it hasn't got very much that rival handsets haven't, but it's the best that Apple have ever made. In fact that makes it very good. 
The iPhone 4S has the same glass and metal construction as the iPhone 4. You won't find any creaks or loose parts, and the only plastic used on the phone is for the home button below the display. 
Apple's use of glass for both the front and back of the phone may be questioned by those who tend to drop their phones often, as it has a tendency to shatter, despite it being reinforced. 
The iPhone 4S' display is noticeably different than the Super AMOLED Plus screens from Samsung, as it's not nearly as saturated and punchy. However, the colors seem more accurate, and the screen is just a joy to look at. 

The new A5 dual-core processor (as seen in the iPad 2) makes things noticeably faster. Apps launch quicker, web pages load faster, multi-tasking is more fluid and resource-hungry apps like Pages now allow you to edit documents without any lag. Competitors will argue that their phones have been able to produce similar results for months, and they'd be right, but it remains a little upgrade. 




Conclusion: The iPhone 4S isn't the king of cell phones, but it's part of the royal family nonetheless. Even without 4G and a fair screen, this phone's smart voice assistant, SIRI, the benefits of iOS 5, and its spectacular camera make it a top choice for anyone ready to upgrade. 
SIRI: use your voice to set reminders, send a text or check weather. 


Tech Specs: 

A5 chip processor 
iOS 5 Operating System 
Siri intelligent assistant 
Assisted GPS with digital compass 
8 megapixel camera with touch autofocus, LED flash and geo-tagging 
Video camera: Full HD (1080p) up to 30 frames per second with audio, VGA secondary camera for video calling 
Display: 960 x 640 pixels (3.5 inch) touchscreen 
Music player (AAC, Protected AAC, MP3, MP3 VBR, Audible (formats 1, 2, and 3), Apple Lossless, AIFF, and WAV formats) 
Video player supports 1080p Full HD playback at 30 frames/second 
Voice control, voice memos 
Messaging: SMS, MMS, email 
Memory: 16GB, 32GB or 64GB flash drive 
Connectivity: Bluetooth 4.0, USB 2.0, Wi-Fi (802.11b/g/n), 3.5mm headphone jack 
WAP, EDGE, HSDPA 
Size: 115 x 59 x 9.3 mm 
Weight: 140g 
Quad-band GSM (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz) plus UMTS/HSDPA (850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz) 
Talktime: 8 - 14 hours 
Battery standby: 200 hours 

In regards to the star ratings: 
- battery life isnt ideal; it's better than most, but can always be better. 
- it's one of the most expensive smartphones on the market before subsidy. enough said. 
- it's the easiest to use smartphone available: the printed instructions attest to that by being a fraction the size of competing phones in its class. the feature set is excellent as it can be used in full by the widest range of users while the market leading app store further increases it's capability.
- once design, build quality, and customer service and support are taken into account, it's a 5/5 star phone, able to overcome it's benign issues. 

no, it's not the iPhone 5 that the most repugnant of tech "journalists" claimed was inevitably coming based on lies about "sources" and later bashed by the same for not being as such. those who are familiar with Apple and their iPhone line, however, expected what we received based on their previous release history. despite the negative reviews by an ignorant press, this is Apple's best iPhone ever, and the market clearly agrees. 

despite the familiar exterior, both in dimensions and materials, the return of this design was warmly welcomed by the masses as a year later, it's still by far the most exclusive feeling smartphone on the market and will be remembered alongside the original iPhone, the Bondi Blue iMac, and the unibody MacBook Pro as one of their most memorable designs. it's truly a magnificent design in it's clean look, top quality materials, and luxurious feel, all assembled in a very tight, dense package that just oozes quality. while the look of it may be comforting in its familiarity, it's actually brand new on the inside. 

starting with the processing unit, Apple upgraded to the ARM A9 core and then doubled them with it's A5 SoC processor. they also doubled up the cache to 1MB (512KB per core) to feed it and increased graphics performance by 5 times with the PowerVR 543 GPU. finally, they clocked this SoC processor to 1GHz and 512MB of RAM on a 200MHz bus to give you a phone with more graphics and computing power than a first generation Xbox. despite all of this computing power, it hardly uses any actual power: battery capacity went up only 2.5% while claimed runtimes were extended by hours, all thanks to an extremely efficient design of the SoC. 

to ensure you never leave home without your point and shoot digital camera, the sensor has been upgraded to 8mp. people who know better know that megapixels arent everything, so they continued use of a backside illuminated sensor to ensure the most light possible for excellent low light imagery, well beyond that of the competition. the aperture has been stepped up to f2.4 over the iPhone 4's f2.8 stop, and feeding that much larger hole is an all-new lens package with IR and UV filters to produce more natural colors. with the faster CPU, the result is faster loading, shorter times between shots, and images that dont look like they came from a phone. to top it off, they upgraded the video recording to full 1080p. 

and if you have no one to talk to, now you have Siri. it's API hooks reach deep into the system, allowing the user to manage their phone simply by one of the best voice recognition systems available. of course that makes the keyboard redundant with it's dictation accuracy. 

despite more evolution than revolution, this evolutionary step is akin to going from neanderthal to homo sapien, with the Galaxy Nexus looking like a missing link.

Our camera team has spent some professional time with the iPhone 4S, so check out our in-depth findings of the snapper. 

The iPhone 4S caught many by surprise, with Apple expected to release the iPhone 5 - but instead we got an iPhone 4 with overhauled innards. 

While the masses were initially disappointed, the iPhone 4S features a glut of top-end tech that is designed to put it on a par with the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S2 - but does it manage to do that? 

The changes to the iPhone 4S are easy to document - the camera has been upgraded to 8MP (with an improved aperture ratio), the CPU is now the same dual-core A5 processor as seen in the iPad 2, and a seven time increase in graphical processing power. 

Also we've got Siri, Apple's voice recognition service - will this be a game changer for mobile phones or will it be nothing more than a gimmick? 

As we've mentioned, the iPhone 4S is almost identical in outward design to the iPhone 4, which might irk those that like to show that they've got the most up to date device from Apple when out and about with friends. 

However, the flip side of this is that things like the plethora of iPhone 4 covers on the market at the moment will still fit. 

Apple has slightly changed the design of the iPhone 4S somewhat though, by changing to a dual-band aerial design, making sure it doesn't encounter an embarrassing repeat of antenna-gate we had to endure with the iPhone 4. 

For all those that haven't seen the older version of the phone, we'll take you on a tour of the new handset: the top of the iPhone 4S houses the power/lock button, as well as the headphone jack, plus a microphone for noise cancellation. 

The right-hand side of the phone is devoid of any buttons, but holds the slot for the micro SIM card, which pops out using the included tool (or a paperclip). 

The bottom of the phone is pretty standard, with the Apple connector and dual speakers which pump out the (actually quite decent) sound. 

The left-hand side of the phone sees the rounded volume keys, with the top one of these also acting as the camera shutter button to make it easy to snap with the new iPhone. We've also got the silencer switch too, which has been slightly moved upwards from the previous iteration. 

As you can see, Apple has altered its antenna band technology to move the gaps that plagued the iPhone 4's reception to a less-touchable location. 

The iPhone 4S comes with iOS 5. 

The iPhone 4S is the flagship model for the new iOS software from Apple, making it much snazzier once more. 

We'll walk you through the big changes to start with - and Notifications is up there with the best of them. 

The new system apes Android by using a drop down menu from pretty much anywhere in the phone to let you see all manner of updates, weather news and messages, plus new notifications will now ping across the top of the screen rather than plopping straight into the middle of the screen like before and disrupting whatever you were doing. 

It's not revolutionary by any means, but it's well-integrated and makes the whole system feel a whole lot different to iOS 4. 

The lock screen is now called into more use than ever before too, with new notifications sitting on top to be easily accessed without needing to mess about inside the phone. 

2ND HALF TO COME SOON! THANKS, WE HOPED YOU ENJOYED OUR REVIEW OF THE IPHONE 4S. ANY QUESTIONS, FEEL FREE TO ASK!!!

Highly recommended, fortunately in the current day and age we have a wide selection of smartphones that we can choose from. Anywhere from cellphones that replace all of your digital devices to just simple phones used for the basic function of making phone calls, yet not all of them work properly and all the time. After trying a variety comparable cellular devices i have settled on the Iphone 4S 16g version from Verizon Wireless. Key point is: It actually works(I know, surprising). I have owned this device for approximately a month now and had no issues whatsoever. 

Some of the things i like about the device would include: This phone is very fast, almost instant application loading and seamless functionality. 
Amazing display, all the colors are very vibrant and its just a pleasure to look at even. 
Seamless functionality, the phone functions great and without any problems. 
Amazing selection for applications and games. 

Some of the things i dislike about the phone: 
It's battery life could be a little bit better, it does last me a full day unlike some of its counterparts but whenever i heavily use it i need to put it on a charger during the day. 
Siri (it's personal assistant feature) is occasionally unavailable due to the lack of signal or apple servers been clogged up. 
Majority of the applications are costly, yes they may be a dollar or two but it all adds up. 

This product tramples other current products in its category. Highly recommended.

I own the iphone 4S and I looooove it! I do not have service through AT&T or Apple. Instead I have my service set up on mobile WIFI so I can use my home or office internet connection, or use Skype wherever I can get a satellite connection and still have it work great as a regular telephone, when WIFI is not available. I use Virgin Mobile for regular cell phone service. Now that they've updated their technology, I can finally use my iphone with Virgin, Yes!!! You can use a 3G network, or facilitate any WIFI connection to which you have access. The internet is fast for a cell phone. 
I use this to erase all my junk mail and unwanted messages instead of the laptop computer. I can move through my inbox faster with the touch screen technology. The screen is clearer than that of my laptop computer, great graphic quality sooo easy to use. When I want to get online and not have to boot up a computer, I use this instead. Good rugged design is able to handle a lot of abuse and keep on ticking. If I had to ask for improvements. I would ask for a screen that's easier to keep clean and improved battery life. Maybe even a standard USB port on the side to import media from your computer without the use of itunes. While ipad, ipod or iphone will never fully replace a regular computer and can't even compare. When a laptop computer is to heavy to carry along, iphone is defiantly the next best thing.

I really love this phone. I had previously used a 3GS with ATT, but our work decided that Sprint was a better deal. I love this phone. I love using Siri, and the funny things it generates, I don't know how it knows what to say, but there are a lot of funny things you can ask your phone, and the responses that come back from it are funny. 

I have the 32GB black model. I had the 16GB white model on ATT. I really love the new design, my battery from the start on the 3GS was never the greatest, dead almost always from gaming, etc. So I got this and was HONESTLY expecting the same outcome, but it worked tons better and believe it or not the charge lasted me 2 days with heavy use, Gaming, gps, notes, emails (pushed) everything, and it was down to only 70% the first night. My 3GS would have probably been dead. 

As for cons: I have two, but I usually just listen to music on my headphones or stereo, so I'm not going to take it off rating, but I did want to mention it. First was the wireless syncing, I had ICLOUD installed on my last iPhone and when i went to wireless sync my songs and such back, only about 40 percent of my stuff will actually play. It will either skip to the next song, or just pause itself. I fixed that by restoring it on the phone itself, and then hooking it into the computer. It has worked fine with my prev. Iphone so that may be something that needs to be worked out so that you can do that without errors. I'm not the only one to experience this issue. I've seen it before on other websites. 

The second con, deals with the sound quality. This may just be me, but it sounds a little bit more muffled than the 3GS during playing music on iPod. But overall I'm happy that I got this phone. I don't think that it will disappoint at all, I know people that own this and have no regrets or issues. I definitely consider this a big jump from the 3GS speed-wise, but I've heard and my friend that had a 4, didn't really notice any changes, but siri. 

Another con that I JUST noticed is that after updating to the 5.0.1 update, sometimes my camera doesn't open. I have to restart the phone to sometimes get the camera lens to open, I don't know if this means my camera is going out or what? But it does that once and awhile. Also sometimes the song volume bar freezes, but I can hit the side keys for that anyway. I really don't have any other complaints, and I feel strongly, the ones I just added are software related, and the next update SHOULD fix that.

After shattering a handful of of smartphone and Apple sales records, many are wondering if they iPhone 4S is living up to expectations. This phone has received almost an entire year of publicity that pushed anticipation to an all time high just before its release. Here is a review of some of the specs and features that made it onto the final product and how they are going to affect owners. 

Straight out of the box, the iPhone 4S is almost identical to both the iPhone 4 and the iPhone 3 in terms of looks and feel. Outside of a small metal lip that surrounds the smartphone, it has similar dimensions to its previous incarnations. Housed within the body itself is a very responsive dual-core, A5 processor. This is used to run Apple's newest iOS 5 at very high speeds including seamless multitasking. Most of the other internal hardware specs, such as data storage, are identical to the iPhone 4. 

The impressive features of this smartphone come in the form of pre-installed programs. The one that everyone wants to know about is Siri. This program takes on the persona of Siri, a voice-activated app that allows users to control almost every aspect of their phone solely through voice prompts. Owners are able to ask for the nearest restaurant with a five-star rating one moment and then set a reminder the next. As Apple has stated, Siri continues to be a work in progress. While amazingly helpful in certain situations, Siri does not always respond accurately to complex or abstract questions. 

iCloud is the other feature that has come to be a key selling points for the iPhone 4S. iCloud is a large scale data warehousing system that allows users to store their songs, books, movies, TV shows, and other types of files on a remote server. They will then be able to access these files from upwards of 10 devices of their choosing. 

It is important to consider the iPhone 4S an upgrade to the iPhone 4, not a separate entity. Luckily, with an improved processor, exciting pre-installed programs, and a dramatically longer battery life, this smartphone is definitely worth consideration.

My old iPhone 3GS was feeling a bit dated. Opening some apps were starting to feel slow and the camera, battery life, and screen were all vastly inferior to even the iPhone 4 (non-S). 

As expected, the 4S is faster and has even a slightly improved camera from the 4, at least if you check carefully. The antenna problem is completely gone, and of course it has Siri, the robot personal assistant. 

My quick summary is this: If you have a product at least 2 years old, the upgrade will feel substantial and worthwhile, but if you have a phone made in 2011 or newer, depending on the product, you may not feel much of a difference. If you are on iPhones, I would say its worthwhile if you have a 3GS or older, as the upgrades are all substantial, but if you already have a iPhone 4, the changes are not all that noticeable, as the iPhone 4 is already a great phone. 

Siri is fun and all, but at the end of the day it is not as great and useful as Apple makes it out to be, at least to me. Others may find it far more useful, not to mention Apple will no doubt continue to improve it, but for the moment it is not a blockbuster feature that I feel should swap people to upgrade to the iPhone 4S. 

Build quality for the iPhone 4 and 4S are in my opinion one of the best on the market, and the aesthetic design is really great. This is a really great looking and thin smartphone, if that is your thing.

iPhone 4S buyers looking for an unlocked version of the new phone can now grab one directly from Apple. 

The company has just started selling an unlocked and contract-free version of its new phone. In a nutshell, that means you can use the iPhone 4S without shelling out money for the usual two-year carrier contract. You can then jump from one network to another by picking up and inserting a micro-SIM card, which is available from each supported carrier. 

An unlocked phone is especially handy for people who travel around the world and want to be able to use it across a range of countries and carriers. 

Of course, there are one or two catches. 

The unlocked edition of the iPhone 4S supports only GSM carriers, so using the phone with CDMA-based Verizon Wireless or Sprint is not an option. And since there's no two-year contract, you'll pay the full, non-subsidized price for the phone. The 16GB iPhone 4S runs $649, the 32GB version costs $749, and the 64GB model is priced at $849. 

Apple's Web site currently shows a wait time of one to two weeks for the unlocked iPhone, the same number of weeks you'd wait for the regular subsidized version. As usual, you can buy the phone in either black or white.

The iphone 4s is a great breakthrough in technology featuring Siri a personal Assistant. Siri can to anything from reading a text message to sending a text message or even search the web for you. Th iphone 4s also has better music/ipod quality. The sound of the music is much clearer and has an extra feature where you can apply a volume limit. The iphone has an A5 chip which has more battery life and faster internet. The screen is different. It is more sticky and less fingerprints are shown. The design maybe the same but i recommend the white one because its a sleek and cool color for a phone. Apple changed their settings on the iphone also. They put more feature in the settings. You can turn on private browsing for private web searches where nothing shows up on history. There are many more features and i dont wanna spoil it soo i recommend you buy it!

